Rework release process to account for version and build numbers (#165)
microbiomedata/nmdc-field-notes: README.md

### Make a release

Creating a release involves three steps:

- Increment the build number and optionally update the version number
- Create and distribute a new Android build
- Create and distribute a new iOS build

#### Incrementing build and version numbers

**Decide**: Are you releasing a new **build** or a new **version**?

<details>
<summary>How do I choose?</summary>

> - A build release is a new **testing** release of the app. It may be thought of as a release candidate. It implies a new `buildNumber` in `package.json`. This corresponds to a new "build number" in [iOS terms](https://help.apple.com/xcode/mac/current/#/devba7f53ad4) or "versionCode" in [Android terms](https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/versioning). New builds do not go through Apple's approval process when released to TestFlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A build release is a new **testing** release of the app. It may be thought of as a release candidate. It implies a new `buildNumber` in `package.json`. This corresponds to a new "build number" in [iOS terms](https://help.apple.com/xcode/mac/current/#/devba7f53ad4) or "versionCode" in [Android terms](https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/versioning). New builds (of already-released _versions_) do not go through Apple's approval process when released to TestFlight.
```

      - Key password: `<keystore password>`
   5. Select the "release" build variant and click "Create"
   6. Wait for the gradle build to complete. Look for notification saying "Build completed successfully for module 'android.app.main' with 1 build variant."
2. Distribute the APK file via the GitHub Release.
   1. Make a copy of the APK file with the version and build numbers in the filename.
      ```shell
      npm run rename.apk
      ```

>    2. Edit the vX.Y.Z [GitHub Release](https://github.com/microbiomedata/nmdc-field-notes/releases) and attach the `org.microbiomedata.fieldnotes-vX.Y.Z-build.N.apk` file to it. **NOTE**: If this is a **build** release there may be one or more existing APK files attached to the release. This is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Edit the vX.Y.Z [GitHub Release](https://github.com/microbiomedata/nmdc-field-notes/releases) and attach the `org.microbiomedata.fieldnotes-vX.Y.Z-build.N.apk` file to it. **NOTE**: If this is a **build** release there may be one or more existing APK files attached to the release. This is by design.
```
